#summary This is where you can put links to sub-page wikis describing games you are developing or would like help developing.
#labels Featured

= Game List =

Place link to detail wiki page with 1 sentence summary

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/BinDeciHex BinDeciHex] - Game to get comfortable with translation in any direction from binary, decimal, hexadecimal.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/EndiansGame Endian's Game] - Reinforcing that little endian only applies on the byte level, not the bit leve. And also that the enemy's logic gate is down ;)

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/WhackASsembly Whack-A-Ssembly] - Game to memorize assembly instructions, with a whack-a-mole game mechanic.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/OtherESPGame The *other* ESP game] - Understanding the stack, as used by x86 assembly.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/DarkMathemagic Dark Mathemagic] - Being able to calculate values in registers given a snippet of a couple assembly instructions.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/1Step3Step One step forward, 3 steps back] - Working backwards in assembly to understand if a condition will be true of false based on the inputs.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/BufferOverfloweth May your buffer overfloweth] - Game to execute arbitrary code in the presence of a stack-based buffer overflow.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/StructInference There's something about: struct/object type inference] - Reverse engineering game needing further development.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/Debugging There's something about: debugging/anti-debugging] - Debugging tool game needing further development.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/Unpacking There's something about: unpacking] - Malware analysis game needing further development.

[http://code.google.com/p/roxor-arcade/wiki/WayOfTheByte Way of the Byte] - This would be the ultimate goal: an RPG where people specialize in computer security skills like reverse engineering, forensics, packet analysis, etc.

Would you like to propose a game? Either join the project, or email opensecuritytraining at gmail.